# v0.5.0 (2017-08-19)

## Better Builder(s), Caching, Fixes, MetaPost, Docs

Having branched out to

- a ConTeXt builder,
- a ConTeXt Syntax Check builder,
- and a MetaPost builder,

the code was getting quite repetitive and a few bugs were creeping in. As things
worked out, these builders were doing a combination of: managing threads,
spawning new processes, handling the results, doing these tasks multiple times
in a row, and starting/stopping at any time.

So the code has been reorganized: `build_base.py` contains the basic class for
handling all this, and then `build_context.py/build_metapost.py` handle a
ConTeXt/MetaPost run respectively. The ConTeXt syntax checker has become a part
of the main builder.

The settings have been reorganized some too. Mostly this entails renaming
things, as can be seen in the default settings, but for deciding whether to
display phantom errors or not we now defer to the general Sublime Text setting
show_errors_inline.

Added some more support for MetaPost, most notably a builder for it. This
builder is very basic. By default it simply calls `mpost ...`, using whichever
version of `mpost` it can find on `$PATH`. It also comes with a variant that
uses the simple ConTeXt settings to find the version of `mpost` associated with
a given ConTeXt installation.

Added a command `simple_ConTeXt: View ConTeXt documentation` to the command
palette. It uses `mtxrun --locate ...` to track down whatever file (it assumes a
pdf) and opens it with the PDF viewer given in the settings. We also added to it
a list of what seems to be the current (at time of writing) list of manuals that
come with a ConTeXt installation.

The CSS stuff has moved from inside the python scripts, to its own file(s).

Changed to `sublime.load_resource` instead of using, say, `with open(...) as f`.
