# v0.6.0 (2018-03-18)

## Better Syntax & Builders, More Commands

The main differences since the last release are as follows.

- Took out ConTeXt Log syntax.
- Took out build results syntax.
- Took out documentation opener (as it's a bit buggy at the moment).
- Less log parsing, though still some basic support (needs some work).
- The ConTeXt builder is now more integrated in the Sublime Text (ST) style,
  and fully specified by the `ConTeXt.sublime-build`. It has much less options
  at the moment, although as it's got a good foundation adding more options
  should be relatively easy. It does still have the ability to choose between
  opening the PDF after running `context` or not.
- Similarly for the other builders (Lua and MetaPost).
- Numerous improvements to the ConTeXt syntax file.
  - More principled scope names, so should be better supported by colour
    schemes across the board.
  - Some low level TeX/ConTeXt code support.
  - Better reference support.
  - Better verbatim support. (We assume that `\startFOO ... \stopFOO`,
    `\typeFOO{...}`, and `inlineFOO{...}` is verbatim.)
  - Took out unnecessary captures, so it performs faster.
- Added a LuaTeX builder. (Using LuaTeX as a Lua interpreter.)
- Better MetaPost/MetaFun syntax.
- More correct pop-up styling, can be configured in the CSS (although this is
  not really recommended at the moment, as it will get overwritten on updates).
- Command in the ST command palette to force (re)generating the interface files.
- Script runner command in the ST palette (useful for e.g. `context --version`
  and `context --generate --force`). This is pretty much just a wrapper around
  a command line, but with the `PATH` environment variable set so that the
  current `context` is correctly found.
- Better interface generation, we now handle the recent addition of the TeX
  primitives.
- Better reference handling (powered by the better syntax).
- Implemented a variation on the local symbol list, to better navigate/filter
  between references/headings/definitions and so on.
- More snippets.

And of course behind-the-scenes various things have changed.

## File links

In a ConTeXt file containing the line

```tex
\component foo
```

hovering over `foo` brings up a link to that file. Similarly the commands

- `\environment`,
- `\product`,
- `\project`,
- and `\input` (which has a slightly different syntax to the others at the TeX
  level)

all generate a link on hovering over them.

### Details

In this version it searches the current working directory, then it looks in any
child directories, then in the parent directory. Finally, if it still hasn't
found the file, it looks for it on the TeX tree.

While it does this, it looks for the raw file name, as well as checking for the
extensions `.tex`, `.mkii`, `.mkiv`, `.mkvi`, `.mkix`, and `.mkxi`. As it
performs this search, it returns the first match (if any).

## More Things

Tweaks to the ConTeXt syntax file, as per usual. Took out support for
`luasetups`, put in better support for the inline flavour of sectioning
commands. Now we handle any of these possible calls:

- `\chapter{name}`,
- `\chapter[ref]{name}`,
- `\chapter{number}{name}`,
- `\chapter[ref]{number}{name}`,
- `\chapter[title=name, reference=ref]`,

for each of the sectioning commands (i.e. `\part`, `\chapter`, `\section`,
etc.).

Tweaked the settings: now instead of

```json
{
  "PDF_viewers": ["foo", "bar"]
}
```

you should do

```json
{
  "PDF_viewers": {
    "foo": "/path-to-foo",
    "bar": "/path-to-bar"
  }
}
```

In this way we can have a short descriptive name for the viewer, while also
exactly specifying the full path if needs be. (If a viewer `foo` is already on
your `$PATH` then you can simply put `"foo": "foo"` in the settings, as all we
do is call the value given via `subprocess`.)

Added a `compact_output` setting under `settings/builder/options`. Set to `true`
or `false`.

We put in some Windows specific support (before we were spamming windows for
some calls to `subprocess`, now we remember to pass the flag `CREATE_NO_WINDOW`
when needed), so hopefully on Windows things should work properly now.

Improved the sorting for pop-ups. Before we used pythons `sorted` as is, now we
sort by:

- first, the all-lowercase elements, sorted in order;
- next, the mixed-case elements, sorted in order;
- then, the all-uppercase elements, sorted in order;
- finally, any inheritances, sorted in order.

Changed back to (slightly) more descriptive error messages when handling the
interface files. Related, we take more care in getting the encoding right when
loading them.
