# v0.7.0 (2018-04-26)

## More Auto-Completion, Better Syntax, More Misc. Functionality

- ConTeXt syntax:
  - Take out `\unprotect ... \protect` for now (to be put back in a good way).
  - Put in more syntax embeddings (JavaScript, Lua, XML etc), and implement
    them in a more robust way (using the `embed` action).
- MetaPost/MetaFun: more robust syntax embedding.
- Bracket Highlighter support.
- Added build on save option.
- Citation support (understands the `.bib`, `.lua` and `.xml` formats).
- Added `key=val` style auto-completions.
- Command auto-complete includes info on the (maximum) number of arguments.
- Simplify copy pop-up functionality.
- File links now work on citations (i.e. when you use `\usebtxdataset`).
- Added a buffer name auto-complete thing.
- Reorganized settings (flattened them out, this works well with the excellent
  package 'Package Dev'), thoroughly document all of them in the default
  settings file, added some new options here and there.

In addition to this there are some other minor changes here and there, and lots
of improvements to the code-base.

## Cooperative Pop-ups

- Improved the pop-up styling.
- Fixed a long-standing bug with our pop-up event handler. Previously, loading
  `simple_ConTeXt` would bring in an event listener which called
  `view.hide_popup()` at each `on_hover` event in every file type other than
  ConTeXt. Naturally, this interfered with all other pop-ups provided by other
  packages. So now we check that the file type is ConTeXt; problem solved.

## Better Jump To Definition

Some simple but nice additions:

- Added in an `\emph{...}` snippet.
- Better jump to definition. Previously, on clicking a file link in a pop-up we
  open the file (if we can find it) and leave it at that. However, now we locate
  the definition site (based on what the syntax get marked up as) if we can, and
  scroll to it.

## Enable Reference Support

Whoops, took out `SimpleContextShowOverlayCommand` as I thought it was unused.
Of course, that is not the case, the reference system still uses it.
